# Udergraduate Thesis/Project
This is my undergraduate project in which I did research and produced an essay and a python program. I touched on and incorporated many protocols and technologies including ip, dns, http, certificates etc.

### Thesis
This is not an academic paper but a very well written article documenting my research on the related topics and the python code I wrote. I talk about the key concepts, go through the software code and explain the design and workflow and showcase running the software with photos.

### software
I showcased usage of this software in detail with photos in the thesis. It is for linux platform but it can be easily adjusted for windows.
To use the software we run it on the target system with priviledged access and give it a website name as a command-line argument. It manipulates dns records system-wide for the target domain and points it to the attacker server(by default local server on the target machine made by the software itself). It also generates corresponding self-signed certificates to bypass ssl traffic.  Now all traffic goes through rogue server and we have effectively compromised both confidentiallity and integrity of the target system. We can take a passive approach and just spy on the user looking for passwords, etc. Or we can combine this with other methods and tools to further increase the attack vector. Specially running arbitrary code on behalf of target domain on user's browser makes it possible  to perform a handful of attacks including phishing. A simple scenario which is showcased in the thesis is to integrate this code with famous `beef framework` and hook the user's browser to beef framework by injecting beef created url to user's receiving traffic. This enables us to execute hundereds ready to use beef scripts.
